           PIBORG SHARED SOURCE LICENSE version 1.0, 30 November 2016

 Copyright (c) 2016 Freeburn Robotics Limited.  <http://www.frobotics.com>
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license
document, but changing it is not allowed.

                              TERMS AND CONDITIONS

  0. Definitions.

 "This License" refers to version 1.0 of PiBorg Shared Source License.

 "The Program", "The Source", and "The Source Code" all refer to any
copyrightable work licensed under this License.  Each licensee is addressed as
"You".  "licensees" and "recipients" may be individuals or organisations.

 "Personal Use" refers to usage by, only and only, the licensee, and not by any
other person or organisation related in any way to the licensee.

  1. Usage

 You are free to download, copy, compile, study, and refer to the Source Code
for any Personal Use of yours.

 Usage by You of any work covered by this License should not, directly or
indirectly, enable its usage by any other individual or organisation.

  2. Modifications

 You are free to make any modifications to the Source covered by this License.
You are also free to compile the Source after modifying it and using the
compiled product obtained thereafter in compliance with this License.

  3. Redistribution

 You may NOT under any circumstance redistribute and/or republish the Source or
a work based on it (which includes binary or object code compiled from it) in
part or whole. 

  4. Non-compliance

 You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except as
expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify,
sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will automatically terminate
your rights under this License.

  5. Acceptance of License

 By copying, modifying, running or otherwise using the Source you agree to abide
by the provisions in this License.  If you choose not to accept or agree with
this License in full then you may not use the Source for any purpose.

  6. No Warranty

 The Source code licensed under this License is shared "as is".  Since it is
intended for sharing as reference, there is no warranty, of either the Source
code, or the Program compiled from it.  The entire risk of quality or 
performance of the Program is with You.

  7. Disclaimer of Warranty.

 THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER
PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE
DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  8. Limitation of Liability.

 IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY
COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS
PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED
INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE
PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

  9. Interpretation of Sections 7 and 8.

 If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided above cannot
be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing courts shall
apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute waiver of all civil
liability in connection with the Program, unless a warranty or assumption of
liability accompanies a copy of the Program in return for a fee.

                          END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
